C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, 
object-oriented and generic programming features, while also 
providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.

It is designed with a bias toward system programming 
(e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels), 
with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design 
requirements. C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, 
including desktop applications, servers (e.g. e-commerce, web search 
or SQL servers), performance-critical applications (e.g. telephone 
switches or space probes), and entertainment software.[3] C++ is a 
compiled language, with implementations of it available on many 
platforms and provided by various organizations, including the FSF, 
LLVM, Microsoft and Intel.

C++ is standardized by the International Organization for 
Standardization (ISO), with the latest (and current) standard 
version ratified and published by ISO in December 2014 as ISO/IEC 
14882:2014 (informally known as C++14).[4] The C++ programming 
language was initially standardised in 1998 as ISO/IEC 14882:1998, 
which was then amended by the C++03, ISO/IEC 14882:2003, standard. 
The current C++14 standard supersedes these and C++11, with new 
features and an enlarged standard library. Before the initial 
standardization in 1998, C++ was developed by Bjarne Stroustrup 
at Bell Labs, starting in 1979, who wanted an efficient flexible 
language (like the C language), which also provided high-level 
features for program organization.